there's no respite for Palestinians
across the Gaza
Strip while the terms of this deal were
being finalized Israel has maintained
its Relentless bombardment when in just
the last hour at least 25 people have
been killed in an air strike on jabalia
in the north meanwhile in the South RAF
has been under repeated attacks reports
talked about five people having been
killed in the latest strikes there
rescue efforts underway to move
survivors trapped under Rubble earlier
Israeli Israel carried out air strikes
near the Kamal adwan Hospital in
Northern Gaza for a second time at least
200 Palestinians have been killed in
attacks overnight and on Wednesday
morning thuk abum is in Khan unun in the
southern part of the Gaza Strip so thuk
first of all let's start with these
latest strikes just in the last
hour talk of strikes or reports of
strikes in ra and jabalia what can you
tell us about
that yes uh as we are aging closer to uh
ceasefire Israel has intensified the
levels of its attacks across the
territory now this time duala town has
been hit by the occupation forces a
complete residential building has been
flattened belonged to the same family
nabhan family in jabalia town where 25
Palestinians have been killed due to
this Israeli Relentless strikes now
those people have been completely killed
without any prior Warning by the Israeli
occupation uh aircraft that completely
level to the ground this buildings as
also the evacuation process continues
still now as civil defense team are
trying to rescue more people who are
still stuck under the rles also the
north of the Gaza Strip has been
repeatedly attacked since uh today's
early morning and the last couple of
hours different residential buildings in
the north of the Gaza Strip had been uh
completely bomb barded in B Laha town
and even artillery Shilling continued in
B hanun City in the north of the
territory as confrontation uh uh erupted
between Palestinian Fighters and the
occupation forces in the far north of
the Gaza Strip now moving to the south
of the territory where Kan yunus Al
magazi refugee camp and Raa also
District had been widely attacked during
the last couple of hours these areas
considered to be safe where Israeli
forces had leveled to the ground there
was Dill building in rafah District
where f Palestinians have been reported
killed now these areas considered to be
safe from the Israeli perspective as
they are keeping even urging people to
flee to the south of the ter even with
the with the expected uh uh ceas fire
that will take place within the coming
24 hours so literally uh the waves of
fleeing that happened from the north up
to the south of the territory also won't
change anything as the Relentless
attacks on the south did not stop since
the early beginning of this
fighting all right thanks so much to
about
Zoom